Module-1
1.	Explain the philosophy behind enabling machines to think.
2.	Differentiate between the Heuristic Dendral and Meta Dendral? Also, explain the Mycin, Pxdes and Steamer.
3.	Interpret the three laws of thought, used in AI?
4.	Explain the concept of a rational agent, with the help of a suitable diagram.
5.	Explain the types of AI, with an example for each type.
6.	Explain the development of artificial neural networks, from 1986 to present.
7.	Interpret the Knowledge Based Systems?
8.	Explain the advantages and disadvantages of AI, using the expert system as an example.

Module-2
1.	What is the difference between agents and intelligent agents?
2.	Discuss the role of data, from the environment.
3.	What is an agent function and an agent program?
4.	How is AI dubbed as good, with respect to it’s agent states?
5.	Explain the nature of environments.
6.	Explain the schematic diagram of any one agent.

Module-3
1.	Write a pseudocode for a simple problem solving agent.
2.	Illustrate the time and space complexity of a problem solving algorithm?
3.	Demonstrate how an AI solves the 8 queen’s problem.
4.	Explain BFS and DFS algorithm?
5.	Discuss the greedy best first search algorithm that perform better compared to other algorithms?
6.	Is the A * algorithm based on heuristics? If so, explain then how.
7.	Is the A O* algorithm based on heuristics? If so, explain then how.
8.	Define  Constraint Satisfaction Problems with an example.
9.	Discuss the Bidirectional Search with their properties?

Module-4
1.	In knowledge-based agents, explain what happens when an agent program is called.
2.	Does an AI differentiate between atomic and compound propositional logic?
3.	What advantages and disadvantages does an AI see in propositional logic? Explain.
4.	Explain how a knowledge engineering first order logic is used in a digital electronic circuit?
5.	Explain what an AI thinks about a universal quantifier?
6.	Explain an AI viewpoint of negation, conjunction, disjunction and implication of first order logic.
Module-5
1.	What are the advantages and disadvantages of forward and backward state space planning?
2.	Explain how heuristic planning is better than classical planning.
3.	Explain with a figure, how do you solve job scheduling problems?
4.	What is the difference between a goal and a sub-goal?
5.	Explain about times, schedules and resources.
6.	What are the four basic things, needed in a search problem?

db.student.insertMany([{Name:"Varun",lang:"Java",score:"90"},{Name:"Jay",lang:"Python",score:"70"},{Name:"Jon",lang:"c++",score:"70"}])


Subject: Apology and Notification Regarding Email Delivery Issues

My name is Varun N Gandhi, I am from Maharashtra. I love to code!S